c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.exe
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.deps.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Bcl.Cryptography.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.ClientModel.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net9.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Security.Cryptography.Pkcs.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApplication1.styles.css
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\WebApplication1.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sfr9826l73-b9sayid5wm.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ixpe6lrf0h-61n19gt1b8.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9cuoy2kfs0-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\19w17uh790-bqjiyaj88i.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nxr65fp6ju-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vds0grvm57-erw9l3u2r3.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c0flqbh7jd-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nm9g14axri-d7shbmvgxk.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8gyiizm30s-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rmjmro5sku-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0o42b2g814-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\a215y03rvq-ub07r2b239.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qp4fg9dus5-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\03f6gdrpmq-b7pk76d08c.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fle8gijxpn-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\o616lg12vu-rzd6atqjts.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6z9gq5hhul-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\byanloesg0-dxx9fxp4il.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2qyufrochm-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4wv2vfd634-khv3u5hwcm.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ja8fqrm8jy-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c2c1yxbmrg-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x0l4wjud04-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9vrkph75uu-tdbxkamptv.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ikncwkxbxm-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zomefxqwxo-06098lyss8.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qvcz9cxlw7-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3vcl8mu3ac-s35ty4nyc5.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dn1423ojao-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8q27mebpdv-46ein0sx1k.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1dbtq5xxx4-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ikqbg9q10o-37tfw0ft22.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jat30n7i32-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cywyta7z3y-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zxs9ktsksh-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ee17hrt33b-6cfz1n2cew.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fymagkd8sm-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ng36anrl9o-493y06b0oq.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zpqfy2c4zi-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\019yz3ojn6-vr1egmr9el.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vpxwt0ikd2-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xea8x15nsi-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ru401ckino-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1d45i4jnax-notf2xhcfb.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\o5bvkoqpwu-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jea6umhs6z-63fj8s7r0e.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dmrdq0yu68-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rz7zkju6cf-47otxtyo56.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b8h80mpqvt-4v8eqarkd7.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qc2js6kczy-356vix0kms.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fic9gxn2mp-83jwlth58m.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z068dedv35-mrlpezrjn3.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hpm0ws0t6t-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wryiew6yrs-ag7o75518u.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qjngrmrkam-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1k3b7g2st6-0i3buxo5is.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\84er2wu9dc-o1o13a6vjx.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wjzdzii2te-ttgo8qnofa.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uclpxe38th-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\igemxyk2qm-muycvpuwrr.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tjlucbxuv0-87fc7y1x7t.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cqxxp6mh6s-mlv21k5csn.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mz4azubuim-yj6fvmmoe8.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4ej8qvsbid-yj6fvmmoe8.gz
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebAppli.7D14BD69.Up2Date
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\WebApplication1.dll
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\WebApplication1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\andri\Documents\ASP.NET Projects\InternTest\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\WebApplication1.dll
